Them all welcome to the singular to course and as is the case with pretty much any other boards that
I made I look a little bit of an intro tell you a little bit about the course in general to introduce
you to some of the additional features that you have that you get along with the boys and so on and
so forth.
So let's go ahead and begin with the basic information.
So the prerequisites what you will need for the course.
So this requirement is a computer the computer can.
The Demos are done in the windows but the computer the computer can have the computer can be a macro
it can have access to all the queries to be done with either of those operating systems.
However I have demonstrated how to do the set up in Windows.
I mean you can just send me a PM or something like that and ask me to put some additional videos how
to do it for example on a map or how to do it on a.
But it's no big deal I can post them if you need to but set of procedures are pretty much the same.
Go onto the web and you just download and run.
That's about it anyway so you can also acquire some basic computer skills.
By that I mean just come and don't have a computer on and log in.
And from that point on you can just follow the story more or less.
Another very important characteristic which you should possess and which I do believe that you do possess
those you have decided to take this course is curiosity.
So there will be problems along the way.
There will be difficulties along the way.
Not everything is going to be perfect.
Not everything is going to work out the way you want it to work out.
When you code it is a perfectly natural thing that you have errors BOD's problems etc..
So just have to wait for the curiosity to persevere through your work.
We offer it tech support and we support our students with all of the courses and we strive to get.
We strive to help them out in any way we can anyway.
So that brings us to our next point the support.
So if you need help or assistance with something that is sports related please feel free to post in
the discussions in the discussion section.
There will be somebody there to report.
Maybe it will be me but we'll be a member of my staff who will come.
We'll take a look at your recovery and we will strive to help you out in any way that they can do to
help you resolve your issue and to get you going on your way because of your private message as well.
If you wish but I'm slow with the response with responses to private messages the discussion section
is really really fast.
You are going to get it now.
You should get an answer really fast within a day or so and that's probably fast.
But you know it's not it's not exactly a wide infraction in a discussion section you post and then there
is somebody who is continuously checking it throughout the day and if they see it they are going to
reply immediately.
Not probably just the next day.
Last resort you can send me an email.
This is their last possible resort so use the discussion section if that really doesn't help in any
way.
Send me a private message and if you can't reach me by private message or send me an email.
I do tend to answer with student inquiries wherever and however I can I by some chance did not reply
to you and you have sent me a message.
Please don't be angry with me just send me another one.
I get like a hundred and thirty nine messages I think it was per day.
So if I lose one or if I miss one.
I am so sorry but there are a lot of them and those are just a student thing for is not including everything
else in my life.
So if I did not reply to you straight away or if I didn't reply to you at all just go ahead and copy
paste that message and send it again.
So it gets pushed into the into the queue again.
I wish to apologize in advance if I by some chance you don't reply.
One of your inference.
As I said just said it again.
I do and I do try to answer them all.
And that is my point.
That is my girl but if I missed one by chance I do apologise for that anyway so that's done Strachans
so you can send me suggestions if you feel like it.
Not all the subjects were covered and of course that you would like some additional subjects to be covered
in the course.
So feel free to send a brief description of what it is that you would like to be included in the boards
and I will see what I can do about it can actually squeeze it in time wise.
Or perhaps I can upload it to my YouTube channel or something like that.
Either way if you wish something too if you wish some of which or if you wish certain subjects to be
processed please feel free to send me a message you can also message me about your courses if you have
any ideas or if you would like to see a course on a particular subject feel free to send it to me as
a request.
And if you have any other questions that are not related to courses or anything like that feel free
to contact me as well if I can I will strive to help you or in any way that I can.
Feedback feedback is very important.
So it's really a five star review.
Excellent.
That's great.
But if you for some reason leave for three to one star reviews something like that please.
I am.
Just write down below.
Why.
Well what did you look like.
What was bad and what caused you to give a lesser review so that I know what was going on so that I
can try to actually improve or fix certain things.
So please if you do leave about and you just tell me what sort of Tiner I do and you take my students
feedback very seriously and I strive to act on it as much as I can.
So additional resources can find the code or get help or most of it.
And you can find some additional videos material on YouTube.
Neither one of these two sites requires any registration to actually access to resources that are related
to guess course.
So you can just follow the links and have a look at the material that you might require for the course.
All the code is explained in the course and I am going over pretty much every line of the code through
the course of those same chunks of code that play some get.
I don't know if you can't be bothered to type something or for whatever reason you just think that it
would then have a look at it.
I've written it I'm sure most of it should be there and get upset will be able to just download it should
help you troubleshoot and stuff like that.
But I do encourage you to take your old home not to you even though it's available don't mean to be
able to do it.
Anybody can download it.
I just posted it the other GPL license up more or less but I do encourage you to actually type it in
and type it out yourself.
Type it out yourselves.
You will learn a great deal if you had paid for that course.
And if you have decided more importantly you dedicate the time to actually go through the lectures and
go through the course do yourself a favor and take the code out.
Trust me you will learn a lot more that time investment that you make and to actually watch and of course
will be more valuable because you will amass a greater amount of knowledge in the same amount of time
as opposed to just copying the code and running it you won't learn much if anything from such actions.
Keynote.
So make sure you use the same angular version as I want the things to work the same way that they work
for me and I place the TO opened at the time of the making of this course.
There are no stable releases of angular there is still development stage and new release candidates
of regular two are being released very fast.
So expect expect things to change really fast.
But the general concept still remains the same can use the newer versions of anger too.
The problem is that you have to adjust the code accordingly.
So once again angular Q is in a development stage there are no stable versions of angular Q as making
scores.
I have made the scores in accordance with the material available for regular Q During the development
stage.
It is likely if not certain that things will change rapidly and they are changing rapidly.
I had to modify the course several times while I was actually making it.
Just keep that in mind.
So those changes those changes in mind and don't expect things to work if you use a different version
or something like that.
Just have a look at the version that I was using and use the same version.
Then things should to work out but as I said you are free to use your versions and try the same code
with your versions.
And that would actually provide for a very good learning experience.
Actually see what changes need to be conducted in order to make it compatible with your versions of
angular anyway.
Doesn't matter if angular progresses doesn't matter how hard you are changes.
In all likelihood.
The primary programming concepts the basic price the basic programming concepts will remain the same.
You will still have more or less the same structure you should warless still have the same structure.
The same basic idea.
Some change might change certain certain functionalities might be moved from one place to the other.
Some other functionalities might be added and so on and so forth.
But the basic bottom line concept remains will in all likelihood remain the same so we don't have any
worries in that regard anyway.
I wish to be a bit too far off here and I'm sure a bit of luck with this force.